User 2: One.
User 2: I can't believe it's almost over
User 2: these years just flow by. I'm not sure I'm ready to leave behind the campus. My friends, and all the memories were made here.
User 1: Oh, it's always better for it to move on. But remember, graduation isn't the end of your journey. It's just the beginning of a new chapter. You are carrying all those experiences and friendships with you.
User 2: Just so hard to say goodbye.
User 2: I've grown so much as a person here, and it feels like leaving a part of myself behind.
User 2: This space has been my home for 4 years.
User 1: I completely understand how you feel. It was the same for me, but you will find that the bonds you have
User 1: form here are strong enough to withstand time and distance. We are not really losing anything.
User 2: Hope so.
User 2: There were so many first here, my first class, my first failure, my first success. It's overwhelming to think about starting all over again
User 2: of the real world.
User 1: Yeah. But each of those first has prepared you for what's next?
User 1: You are stepping out, equipped with knowledge, resilience, and the network of friends and mentors who believe in you.
User 2: Yeah, thank you for putting it that way. It just daunting thinking about job searches, possibly moving to a new CD and starting from scratch.
User 1: Hey? It is daunting, but also exciting. You're about to discover new. First, your first job, maybe your first apartment, embrace them, and with the same spirit and embrace college life.
User 2: Right, I need to focus on the exciting parts.
User 2: Hmm! I guess it's all about taking what I've learned from and building on it wherever I go.
User 1: Yeah, exactly. And remember, you are all you. You can always come back to visit, and this place will always be a part of who you are. Now go ahead and show the world what you have got.
User 2: Wow! Thank you so much.
User 1: Yeah.